what's great about these fables all the
tops are removable so within a few
seconds your table can become a column
you can use circle tops or you can put
these in combinations and use long tops
these do secure to the table with six
screws and as you can see right here
there's some screw holes you just put
the provided screws in and it's secured
to the base so you have a remote control
just like that and it has 20 solid color
shades so if you want to go to a color
it's really if you just press the color
you want on red I'll get red green blue
white and all the shades in between are
available as well so
let's say you're in a wedding and the
bride wears pink it's no problem you can
go straight to pink there's also several
shades of each one and you can fine-tune
it on the tee start reaching different
tones there is a bravas control and then
you have paddles you have a three and
seven color Jena three and seven color
babe you jump it's like that that's a
little too much for you you've got a
pattern of speeds you just crank it down
kind of fine-tune it to the mood you
want to achieve at the event we also
have the seven color jump
same principle I can count it down and
you also have the seven color fade to
gradual fade there is a little bit
slower then you can change multiple
tables with one remote so if I stand
back here you might have noticed some of
these changing together you can just
point and click
it's a little green well up no problem a
great feature about these tables is they
do not need a cord to run while you can
plug them into any wall if you want you
can also run them on and rechargeable
battery and generally what you want to
do is just if you're by yourself remove
the top you've got help you don't really
need to remove the top you can just have
someone to look for you and if you look
here on the bottom of the table there is
a rechargeable battery and it just
straps the little velcro strap and plugs
right in so batteries will run these
things and average easily 8 to 10 hours
of ping on the Moga headset suit if you
have more questions about these just
visit us online at our chefs code we can
also make these custom-designed
Inspectorate or custom to Mitch
II hope you like them check us out on
Facebook as well
okay